# ML-J-Comp-Project
Machine Learning Project of Hrithik Umesh (20bce1319) and Anirudh Vannarath (20bce1718).

Credit card fraud is a serious problem that affects millions of people around the world. Fraudulent transactions can result in significant financial losses for both individuals and financial institutions. To combat this problem, many financial institutions use machine learning algorithms to detect fraudulent transactions in real-time. These algorithms are trained on large datasets of credit card transactions that include both fraudulent and non-fraudulent transactions. By analysing patterns in the data, these algorithms can identify transactions that are likely to be fraudulent and flag them for further investigation.
The project aims to develop a machine learning model that can detect fraudulent credit card transactions with high accuracy. The model will be trained on a dataset of credit card transactions that includes both fraudulent and non-fraudulent transactions. The dataset will be pre-processed to remove any irrelevant features and to balance the number of fraudulent and non-fraudulent transactions. The model will be developed using a supervised learning algorithm such as logistic regression or decision trees. The performance of the model will be evaluated using metrics such as precision, recall, and F1 score. Once the model is developed and tested, it can be integrated into a real-time credit card fraud detection system to help prevent fraudulent transactions.
